Putting docs up for review (#51)
FarisTheAncient/Archipelago: worlds/tracker/docs/map-integration.md

 * `{player}` : replaced with the external player slot number  
 * `{team}` : replaced with the external team number (almost always going to be 1)  

 *Note*: These are not f string values, these are literal string values on the world side

 The contents of maps.json and locations.json are the same as poptracker format with the exception that all logic is derived from UT's internal world, and the location names must match exactly with AP location names. With the obvious exception that access and visability rules are handled by UT and can be safely ommited.

 ## Internal pack defintion

 For internal packs, simply embedding the poptracker pack into the apworld and defining the folder path from the root module inside of `map_page_folder`

 ```
Game.apworld
-game
--tracker
---maps
----maps.json
---locations
----locations.json
--__init__.py
 ```
 ```py
    "map_page_folder":"tracker",
    "map_page_maps":"maps/maps.json",
    "map_page_locations":"locations/locations.json",
```

## External pack definition

for `external_pack_key` you can define the setting like this, this should point to a zipped poptracker pack
```py
from settings import FilePath
class UTPackPath(FilePath):

>     #required = False #You can uncomment this to allow users to not have the poptracker map, if the key is "" then the map tab won't be rendered

Reviewer: isn't this comment wrong? `""` will prompt the user and None will skip the tab?

# Map integration

> This document describes the requirements to add a map tab to UT. UT uses the [Poptracker](https://github.com/black-sliver/PopTracker/tree/master) specificiations for the content of the map tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document describes the requirements to add a map tab to UT. UT uses the [Poptracker](https://github.com/black-sliver/PopTracker/tree/master) specifications for the content of the map tab.
```

The intent of UT's map tab is to allow world devs to start making a poptracker pack before logic settles into a more stable configuration, however there's enough benefits to UT's integrated tab that it might be worth adding support even if the world already has a dedicated poptracker pack.

## The Basics of adding a map page

> By defining a structure with the following fields, the world informs UT that a poptracker pack should be loaded
> 
> ```py
> from typing import ClassVar
> 
>     tracker_world: ClassVar = {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By defining a dict with the following fields, the world informs UT that a poptracker pack should be loaded

```py
from typing import ClassVar

class MyWorld(World):
    tracker_world: ClassVar = {
```
Should make it a little more clear this is a class attribute. ~ technically ~ any mapping would work instead of a dict specifically, but we should keep it simple

        "map_page_folder" : <Name of the folder that has all of poptracker files in it, not used for external poptracker packs>
        "map_page_maps" : <Relative location(s) of the maps.json file(s), may be a list if more then one file exists>

>         "map_page_locations" : <Relative location(s) of the locations.json file(s), may be a list if more then one file exists>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "map_page_folder" : <Name of the folder inside your apworld that has all of poptracker files in it, not used for external poptracker packs>
        "map_page_maps" : <Location(s) of the maps.json file(s) relative to map_page_folder, may be a list if more then one file exists>
        "map_page_locations" : <Location(s) of the locations.json file(s) relative to map_page_folder, may be a list if more then one file exists>
```

A little more clear on what they're relative to

        "map_page_setting_key" : <optional tag that informs which data storage key will be watched for auto tabbing>
        "map_page_index" : <optional function that will control the auto tabbing>
        "external_pack_key" : <optional string that is the name of the setting string that UT reads in order to find the external pop tracker pack>
        "poptracker_name_mapping" : <optional Dict that maps the poptracker pack names to the location id as they exist in the datapackage >

>         "location_setting_key" : <Data storage key used to determine where to place the location indicator>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "location_setting_key" : <optional data storage key used to determine where to place the location indicator>
```

        "location_icon_coords" : <optional function used to convert between the map and the value in data storage into coords>
    }
```

The setting key values have two special keys that UT will replace with the correct values in run time (because the struct needs to be a static class var)

 * `{player}` : replaced with the external player slot number  
 * `{team}` : replaced with the external team number (almost always going to be 1)  

 *Note*: These are not f string values, these are literal string values on the world side

for `external_pack_key` you can define the setting like this, this should point to a zipped poptracker pack
```py
from settings import FilePath
class UTPackPath(FilePath):
    #required = False #You can uncomment this to allow users to not have the poptracker map, if the key is "" then the map tab won't be rendered
    pass
```

> The contents of maps.json and locations.json are the same as poptracker format with the exception that all logic is derived from UT's internal world, and the location names must match exactly with AP location names

Reviewer 2: Maybe explicitly call out that you don't need to define `access_rules` or `visibility_rules` as those will be handled by UT

`map_page_index` is a function with the following template

```py
def map_page_index(data: Any) -> int:
    #do code here
    return 0
```

The function has the task to convert the value retrieved from datastorage and convert that into the index in the maps.json that should be loaded. Because of the free-form nature of datastorage it is difficult to have a good general example, as the values will be dependent on what the client has access to.

## Mapping values from an existing poptracker to AP Location names

UT's poptracker implementation assumes that the lowest level name for the location (called section in poptracker) matches exactly a location name in AP. For packs being developed for UT this isn't a concern, however for packs that already exist this is an assumption that simply might not true.

To support this, UT allows for worlds to create a mapping dict that will be used to convert pop section paths to AP Location names

`poptracker_name_mapping` can be defined with the following template

```py

> poptracker_data: dict[str,int] = {

Reviewer 2: Should this be called `poptracker_name_mapping`?

# Map integration

This document describes the requirements to add a map tab to UT. UT uses the [Poptracker](https://github.com/black-sliver/PopTracker/tree/master) specificiations for the content of the map tab.

> The intent of UT's map tab is to allow world devs to start making a poptracker pack before logic settles into a more stable configuration, however there's enough benifits to UT's integrated tab that it might be worth adding support even if the world already has a dedicated poptracker pack.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The intent of UT's map tab is to allow world devs to start making a poptracker pack before logic settles into a more stable configuration, however there's enough benefits to UT's integrated tab that it might be worth adding support even if the world already has a dedicated poptracker pack.
```

```py
from typing import ClassVar

    tracker_world: ClassVar = {
        "map_page_folder" : <Name of the folder that has all of poptracker files in it, not used for external poptracker packs>
        "map_page_maps" : <Relative location(s) of the maps.json file(s), may be a list if more then one file exists>
        "map_page_locations" : <Relative location(s) of the locations.json file(s), may be a list if more then one file exists>
        "map_page_setting_key" : <optional tag that informs which data storage key will be watched for auto tabbing>
        "map_page_index" : <optional function that will control the auto tabbing>
        "external_pack_key" : <optional string that is the name of the setting string that UT reads in order to find the external pop tracker pack>
        "poptracker_name_mapping" : <optional Dict that maps the poptracker pack names to the location id as they exist in the datapackage >
        "location_setting_key" : <Data storage key used to determine where to place the location indicator>
        "location_icon_coords" : <optional function used to convert between the map and the value in data storage into coords>

> 

Reviewer 3: extra blank line?

 * `{player}` : replaced with the external player slot number  
 * `{team}` : replaced with the external team number (almost always going to be 1)  

 *Note*: These are not f string values, these are literal string values on the world side

for `external_pack_key` you can define the setting like this, this should point to a zipped poptracker pack
```py
from settings import FilePath
class UTPackPath(FilePath):
    #required = False #You can uncomment this to allow users to not have the poptracker map, if the key is "" then the map tab won't be rendered
    pass
```

The contents of maps.json and locations.json are the same as poptracker format with the exception that all logic is derived from UT's internal world, and the location names must match exactly with AP location names

## Implementing Auto tabbing

UT can support automatically changing the loaded map tab via data storage keys, to do so you need to define the key in `map_page_setting_key` who's value will be passed to the function defined in `map_page_index`

`map_page_index` is a function with the following template

```py
def map_page_index(data: Any) -> int:
    #do code here
    return 0
```

> The function has the task to convert the value retrieved from datastorage and convert that into the index in the maps.json that should be loaded, because of the free-form nature of datastorage it is dificult to have a good general example, as the values will be dependent on what the client has access to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The function has the task to convert the value retrieved from datastorage and convert that into the index in the maps.json that should be loaded. Because of the free-form nature of datastorage it is difficult to have a good general example, as the values will be dependent on what the client has access to.
```

## Mapping values from an existing poptracker to AP Location names

> UT's poptracker implementation assumes that the lowest level name for the location (called section in poptracker) matches exactly a location name in AP, while for packs being devoloped for UT this isn't a concern, however for packs that already exist this is an assumption that simply cannot be true.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
UT's poptracker implementation assumes that the lowest level name for the location (called section in poptracker) matches exactly a location name in AP. For packs being developed for UT this isn't a concern, however for packs that already exist this is an assumption that might not be true.
```

    return 0
```

The function has the task to convert the value retrieved from datastorage and convert that into the index in the maps.json that should be loaded. Because of the free-form nature of datastorage it is difficult to have a good general example, as the values will be dependent on what the client has access to.

## Mapping values from an existing poptracker to AP Location names

> UT's poptracker implementation assumes that the lowest level name for the location (called section in poptracker) matches exactly a location name in AP. For packs being developed for UT this isn't a concern, however for packs that already exist this is an assumption that simply might not true.

Reviewer 3: on second look, I messed up on the suggestion here
```suggestion
UT's poptracker implementation assumes that the lowest level name for the location (called section in poptracker) matches exactly a location name in AP. For packs being developed for UT this isn't a concern, however for packs that already exist this is an assumption that simply might not be true.
```
